This is a ai companion that will sit anywhere that you can ask questions. It's like a chat gpt on your desk but the ai will personalize. I made this project beacause it could be really 
helpful for projects that I am making (beacuse I can ask it things) and I also want to use this as a useful project to help me get into college. It also might pose as a thing you can talk to.
Details for ai:
1.Contextual Bandit
Original reinforcement learning
2. Evolutionary Optimization - Genetic algorithms for evolving improved behavior parameters
3. Meta-Learning: Learns how to learn more effectively
Self-Modification Features
- Auto-Strategy Switching : The AI changes strategies for learning automatically depending on performance
* Evolutionary Population: holds 20 different variants of evolving behaviors, selects the best ones
- Meta-Parameter Adaptation : Adjusts learning parameters according to performance patterns
- Performance Validation : Tracks statistics to prove improvement before applying them
Progress Tracking
- Real-time Metrics : Positive feedback rate, Response time, Learning Efficiency
– Performance Score: Composite score (0-1) representing the effectiveness of the overall AI.
- Strategy Comparison: Capabilities to compare different strategies automatically and choose the best one.
Self improvement
1. Multi-strategy Learning: This involves testing multiple strategies by using multiple
2. Performance Monitoring: Identifies strategies that are most effective for individual users
3. Auto-Adaptation, Enables it to shift to more effective strategies on
4. Evolution: Evolves behavioral parameters using Genetic algorithms
5. Meta Learning : optimal learning rates & exploration behaviors are learned
BOM
#   Item                        Reason         QTY
1. Nvidia Jetson nano dev kit - Ai computing - 1
2. 7in LCD       - "eyes" and to interact with AI- 1
3. Speaker and Mic and codec - output voice from AI and input from speaker - 1
4. Camera                     - Facial recognition - 1
